the start of the new year is a great
time to assess the condition of your
home and really take a hard look at
things you to accomplish in 2011 walk
around your house like you would as if
you were buying the house because no one
looks at their house as critically as
they do when they're about to buy it go
indoors and look around areas that you
don't normally go in then make a list of
everything that needs to be done
starting with any kind of structural
problems or mechanical issues all the
way down to the cosmetic things you
might want to do throughout the year
once you have that list then you can
prioritize and potentially then not be
surprised of things that might pop up in
the middle of the year that could really
cost you money water leaks can be one of
the biggest hazards around your house
and also just generally cost you a lot
of money a simple leaky faucet could
waste 11,000 gallons of water every year
and if you just fix those leaks you
could say ten percent on your water bill
so it's really important to not let
those go undetected most people don't
even ever think about their water heater
until of course it's not producing hot
water but there is some regular
maintenance you can do that can really
extend the life of your water heater the
biggest culprit to failure and your
water heater is sediment building up in
the water heater which reduces the
amount of space in the tank so what you
want to do is every three months drain
out of the bottom of the water here a
quart of water and that's going to help
get that sediment work through the water
heater and give it a much longer life
consumers should have their dryer vent
inspected once a year and have it clean
because it's a leading cause of fires in
the home or 15,000 houses every year
catch fire because of dryer vent
problems and you certainly don't want
your house to become a statistic
you